{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww37820\viewh14380\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs21\fsmilli10560 \cf2 (1)
\f1  
\f0 Please describe the difference between your previous Hall C experiment [14] and the\
proposed experiment. I understand that you will repeat the experiment with the same\
kinematics but with a wider angular coverage of theta_nq =30
\fs12\fsmilli6480 0
\fs21\fsmilli10560 -80
\fs12\fsmilli6480 0 
\fs21\fsmilli10560 to investigate the\
effect of FSI. What else are different? How much statistical improvement do you expect\
in the theta_nq =30
\fs12\fsmilli6480 0
\fs21\fsmilli10560 -50
\fs12\fsmilli6480 0
\fs21\fsmilli10560  region? Please plot, in Fig.14, the data points of the previous\
experiment [14] at 35
\fs12\fsmilli6480 0
\fs21\fsmilli10560  and 45
\fs12\fsmilli6480 0
\fs21\fsmilli10560  for various p_\
m.\
\
\cf3 Answer: The main emphasize in this proposal is to measure the angular dependence of \
the cross section  at 800 MeV/c where one expects to cross the inelastic threshold \
of \\Delta\\Delta and NN* components  and were the anomaly was observed in the previous measurement \
at fixed theta_\{nq\}\cf2 \
\
(3.1)
\f1  
\f0 It is not very clear how well you will be able to understand and/or control the FSI by\
using the new data from this experiment.\
In the proposal, you wrote \'93If it is due to the wave function then this experiment for\
the first time will establish the existence of non-nucleonic components in the deuteron.\'94,\
but how and in which case can you establish the non-nucleonic components?\
Based on Ref. [15], you hope to observe \'93angular anisotropy\'94 as evidence for non-\
nucleonic components. FIG. 1 of Ref. [15] shows an anisotropic distribution falling\
down at forward and backward angles above 800 MeV/c. Although the definition of\
\'93angle\'94 is different, I am afraid that it could be difficult to distinguish between the\
angular distribution from the FSI and the angular anisotropy due to exotics. Could you\
roughly draw in Fig.14 an expected angular distribution (in theta_nq) for the anisotropy\
due to exotics? (Although, of course, it will be done after the relativistic PWIA calculation by Sargsian is finished.) \
\
\cf3 3.1answer: The reviewer is correct that the challenge in the analysis of the data will be to distinguish  anisotropy due to \
FSI effects from anisotropy due to non-nucleonic components.\
Here one approach is to establish the expected patterns of FSI according to which the peak of the angular \
distribution moves  towards smaller angles with the increase of missing momentum in the reaction  \
(note that this pattern is already observed in the previous experiment for missing momenta up to 550 MeV/c) (see Fig?).  \
For 800 MeV/c one expects the peak of FSI to take place at theta_\{nq\} <= 60 degrees, while the anisotropy due to non-nucleonic \
component  will peak at 90 degrees. \cf2 \
\
\
\
3.2 Will you need a wider coverage of theta_q and/or better statistics to confirm the angular anisotropy in future?\
(If possible, please send me Ref.[1] because I cannot access it from my university.\
In addition, if possible, could you give an intuitive explanation on why angular\
anisotropy appears from non-nucleonic components at a relativistic regime? --It was\
hard for me to understand it from Ref.[15].)\
\
\cf3 3.2answer: Absolutely, the wider and systematic study of angular distribution of the cross section at missing momenta at and above  \
800 MeV/c will significantly improve chances for observing the possible emergence of non-nucleonic effects.\
However with the current measurement we hope to obtain constraints on, if  pn component persist at such large \
internal momenta or to see if any anomalies in angular distribution indicates on the emergence of non-nucleonic \
component.\
\
Concerning to  the intuitive interpretation why k_perp dependence which appears in the case of non-nucleonic component, \
it can be visualized as follows. \
\
If one has only pn component in the ground sate and we measure proton and neutron in the final state then \
the total  S of the pn system in the elastic pn\'97>pn \
scattering amplitude depends oly on  the relative  momentum in the CM of pn system  defined as \
S = 2(m^2+\\k_perp^2)/\\alpha +  2(m^2+\\k_perp^2)/(2-\\alpha) that factorizes in the form of 4(m^2 + k^2)\
\
\
If now one has a non-nucleonic component in the ground state wave function but we measure only proton and \
neutron in the final state then the total energy is expressed through k and k_perp separately - it does not \
factorize into only k dependence\
 \
\
S  =   2(m1^2+\\k_perp^2)/\\alpha +  2(m2^2+\\k_perp^2)/(2-\\alpha) where m1 and m2 can be masses of N and N*\
\
If now one writes Weinberg equation for the bound state (this is analogous of Lipmann-Schwinger equation on the Ligh-Front) one \
observes that  because the propagator of  the  intermediate state does not factorize to k^2 dependence only, \
the wave function in the center of mass system will depend on k and k_perp separately.\
\
Intuitively this is because the mass of the N* converts into the kinetic  energy in the final pn state and it mainly depends k_perp.\
\
Technical  aspects of this observation were done in 1990s by Frankfurt, Strikman, Mankiewicz and Sawitzky and \
the observation of the only k dependence of the pn component referred to \'93angular condition\'94\
\
\cf2 \
\
\
(4)
\f1  
\f0 Similar comments to (3), but please show the positioning of this experiment and further\
experimental (and theoretical) plans or prospect toward your ultimate goal of unveiling\
exotic components.\
\
\cf3 4. answer:  By the time of  the experiment one expects to have full Light Front calculation that includes also FISI which is \
essential for disentangling relativistic effects  from the non-nucleonic effects.\cf2 \
\
\
\
(7)
\f1  
\f0 In response to the PAC52 LOI on the same topic, the team was advised to revisit the\
kinematics simulations prior to a full proposal once the team's theoretical framework\
fully contains relativistic effects. We noticed that the data presented in Figures 13, 14,\
and 15 of the proposal are identical to the PAC52 LOI. We appreciate that the\
experimental team engaged in a new collaboration with S. Jeschonnek, who works on\
such models, and that long-time collaborator M. Sargsian continues to incorporate a\
relativistic deuteron wavefunction within the GEA using both the CD-Bonn and the\
AV18 potentials. We would be interested in a brief update on the progress towards\
obtaining such a theoretical framework and resulting kinematics simulations for high\
momenta.\
\
\cf3 7answer: We expect Sargsian\'92s  light-front calculation of FSI effects employing different NN potentials to \
be available in about a year.  This will allow us to update our Monte Carlo simulations with relativistic \
FSI included.  We are also communicating with S. Jeschonnek  on the prospects of  collaborating on \
her  theoretical calulcations  of the same processes.\cf2 \
\
}